🕒 Changes:

    Update kernel version and last commit hash
    OpenKernel 2.0
    Minor adjustments to the Makefile.
    The necessary information for the ATA disk driver has been added.
    New string functions have been added to std/std.h.
    The files required for memory operations have been included.
    The OFS file system, developed specifically for OpenKernel, has been added.
    A Ata disk driver has been added for OpenKernel.
    New features have been added to the CPU driver.
    New features have been added to the Keyboard driver.
    A CPU driver has been added for OpenKernel.
    New features have been added to the VGA driver.
    Improvements have been made to the stabilization of the system shutdown function.
    Add KRNL_LAST_COMMIT definition to openkernel_information.h
    Improvements have been made to the io.h I/O library, and a logging feature has been added for the QEMU virtual machine.
    The OpenSoftware-World OS code has been moved to a separate repository; this repository will now contain only the OpenKernel code.
    The function table imports designed for the exec_func function have been moved to the extern_func.h file.
    A bug fix for the exec_func() function.
    The exec_func() function, which enables function hopping via C, has been added.
    The kernelinfo command, which provides detailed information about the kernel, has been added.
    The file containing information for OpenKernel has been attached.
    New data type definitions have been added to the “types.h” file.
    The grub.cfg file has been placed in the Boot/grub/ folder.
    A minor adjustment to the multiboot loader file.
    Configuration files for future use with OpenKernel have been added.
    The required arguments for the next system status functions available in Shell have been added.
    Update README.md
    You will now be able to set a delay before shutting down the system.
    The variable naming convention for driver identification has been corrected.
    Missing arguments have been added to the “basic_syscall.h” file.
    Comment lines have been added to the necessary files.
    Minor optimizations to the “print_time” function in the “time.c” file and improvements to the functions in the “basic_syscall.c” file, which contains basic system calls.
    A library used in the “sysmng.c” file is included in the “sysmng.h” file.
    Update README.md
    Create README.md
    16-bit and 32-bit I/O port functions have been added.
    The name of the vga_screen_clear function has been changed to vga_clear_screen.
    Using the vga_print_scr_nw function instead of the vga_newline function for OpenKernel Shell.

